feat: orch update, mark orchestrator as required for validators (#1298)
celestiaorg/docs: nodes/consensus-node.md

### Run a Blobstream orchestrator

> For validators, running a Blobstream orchestrator is **mandatory** for both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For validators, running a Blobstream orchestrator is **incredibly important** for both
```

> Mocha and Mainnet. Blobstream orchestrator enables validators to sign

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mocha and Mainnet (when announced). Blobstream orchestrator enables validators to sign
```
